#!/bin/bash
echo == TMQJBnpEVnwa2TfqNJmU1aucDiZdXePJSV8
grep TMQJBnpEVnwa2TfqNJmU1aucDiZdXePJSV8 *.mg
echo == TMKi1D84D9M7yXLUMiez2HapYajJVBTbpiu
grep TMKi1D84D9M7yXLUMiez2HapYajJVBTbpiu *.mg
echo == TMNEbNDi1x9cRwNgQ365q4mQrTA21mcZzpE
grep TMNEbNDi1x9cRwNgQ365q4mQrTA21mcZzpE *.mg
echo == TMYwsBwbXU7e64LoWNqcZTuDgrYNxwEqtVs
grep TMYwsBwbXU7e64LoWNqcZTuDgrYNxwEqtVs *.mg
echo == TMJXxd4gsaAU6tdncfctcmzuguwKkg8GRYP
grep TMJXxd4gsaAU6tdncfctcmzuguwKkg8GRYP *.mg
echo == TMYWxkFoNr5zSqz73ZEuvumN7MzBBMRve9B
grep TMYWxkFoNr5zSqz73ZEuvumN7MzBBMRve9B *.mg
echo == TMKmRA3dawN2Gmx2R9srqKBUkaj2ZW3w1vv
grep TMKmRA3dawN2Gmx2R9srqKBUkaj2ZW3w1vv *.mg
echo == TMVaDQh5XDrg77nxn82cNn41gy66PjKKbyh
grep TMVaDQh5XDrg77nxn82cNn41gy66PjKKbyh *.mg
echo == TMLDj2SU4oezCfiB8uuo2iPTBqfhFYKLgTH
grep TMLDj2SU4oezCfiB8uuo2iPTBqfhFYKLgTH *.mg
echo == TMFG8Vmyysj75BgACYiq1K3RPqwRAgxQupZ
grep TMFG8Vmyysj75BgACYiq1K3RPqwRAgxQupZ *.mg
echo == TMNtSWgr4BBKRCpsQnJ2mpoHueoXGSZnmPv
grep TMNtSWgr4BBKRCpsQnJ2mpoHueoXGSZnmPv *.mg
echo == TMFmfYexZpQQTd5iYiCqFrsY32PBd2EqPzm
grep TMFmfYexZpQQTd5iYiCqFrsY32PBd2EqPzm *.mg
echo == TMYjN4te6gsRLGP7ySCgr2fyq6dwqLY976R
grep TMYjN4te6gsRLGP7ySCgr2fyq6dwqLY976R *.mg
echo == TMbeXnozpPPnYPGE5hdooJdVvco3rwg45tS
grep TMbeXnozpPPnYPGE5hdooJdVvco3rwg45tS *.mg
echo == TMJrJyEy3HviRf2LRbxwJw7E2ZJnj43uwaR
grep TMJrJyEy3HviRf2LRbxwJw7E2ZJnj43uwaR *.mg
echo == TMHs2g9Rjh1uRb1vciKBDgx9UCUqSTDYSwK
grep TMHs2g9Rjh1uRb1vciKBDgx9UCUqSTDYSwK *.mg
echo == TMK6infbDwDHS4b8r9xmZohrD5GBwPDg9Y6
grep TMK6infbDwDHS4b8r9xmZohrD5GBwPDg9Y6 *.mg
echo == TMYEVtK4M7xXYVjJdHTRKiNNktie3XcXLTm
grep TMYEVtK4M7xXYVjJdHTRKiNNktie3XcXLTm *.mg
echo == TMNx667poeYtsT7KTZTGnyLTq5KdQm1nJxa
grep TMNx667poeYtsT7KTZTGnyLTq5KdQm1nJxa *.mg
echo == TMXaEY6oQ7QdVZuqvs3nB3u1a3PaeREqW4b
grep TMXaEY6oQ7QdVZuqvs3nB3u1a3PaeREqW4b *.mg
echo == TMaSVwTodJg2Y2rmMmfVg6aBCtWGVEWbQZG
grep TMaSVwTodJg2Y2rmMmfVg6aBCtWGVEWbQZG *.mg
echo == TMc5MAkbjb79K9dcjGUEYC76314eQZkiw1c
grep TMc5MAkbjb79K9dcjGUEYC76314eQZkiw1c *.mg
echo == TMKjR7iPCoURK5zAhERMmio32dfUiqxpGou
grep TMKjR7iPCoURK5zAhERMmio32dfUiqxpGou *.mg
echo == TMRXV6eS9sr6MsLUcUz8gb8uXmdYMxjNmFJ
grep TMRXV6eS9sr6MsLUcUz8gb8uXmdYMxjNmFJ *.mg
echo == TMKYb87veLxzurwXFUttEMEyFTGChwJXW6Z
grep TMKYb87veLxzurwXFUttEMEyFTGChwJXW6Z *.mg
echo == TMJCxANfvjsJYmS9nDxDsiXEgtQAjGYoduQ
grep TMJCxANfvjsJYmS9nDxDsiXEgtQAjGYoduQ *.mg
echo == TMUnQYpBUpt8W7ZcMezrxRmeKzwNdrhHoRA
grep TMUnQYpBUpt8W7ZcMezrxRmeKzwNdrhHoRA *.mg
echo == TMJwafmLs7uAThW4RCgEcsBijFF9gm6khyB
grep TMJwafmLs7uAThW4RCgEcsBijFF9gm6khyB *.mg
echo == TMLmcxKKkUgjLsX9G2Cwzctwuqhtg5tbLm3
grep TMLmcxKKkUgjLsX9G2Cwzctwuqhtg5tbLm3 *.mg
echo == TMPaUGYW3WyPmb41n83C3Z1tqsB6wYa5DQH
grep TMPaUGYW3WyPmb41n83C3Z1tqsB6wYa5DQH *.mg
echo == TMWXRYNDe6NenXLTnMTXJnf1uxtkL5Wyjmk
grep TMWXRYNDe6NenXLTnMTXJnf1uxtkL5Wyjmk *.mg
echo == TMNqnATDwgaDsTFX1M9RmSouPYDn9u67dAZ
grep TMNqnATDwgaDsTFX1M9RmSouPYDn9u67dAZ *.mg
echo == TMZftt7kU5DWH8hXHJZvNff8R2MteyNnufu
grep TMZftt7kU5DWH8hXHJZvNff8R2MteyNnufu *.mg
echo == TMTwq3SQec6xR9Sgd54Ud2HGcBis4hVzyrn
grep TMTwq3SQec6xR9Sgd54Ud2HGcBis4hVzyrn *.mg
echo == TMdajM8NoaZY6FvKkNdt17T6YprXNaDU3v5
grep TMdajM8NoaZY6FvKkNdt17T6YprXNaDU3v5 *.mg
echo == TMSkHxj15Rz9QSvjZN3nGHp5SaRqK1GcYvx
grep TMSkHxj15Rz9QSvjZN3nGHp5SaRqK1GcYvx *.mg
echo == TMVuDGFQ5pfPWxdd6Utv9KweskfczjoVHnQ
grep TMVuDGFQ5pfPWxdd6Utv9KweskfczjoVHnQ *.mg
echo == TMMeqRAd9xzG4jtxa9EUaL64uqRevdds6jW
grep TMMeqRAd9xzG4jtxa9EUaL64uqRevdds6jW *.mg
echo == TMVnsD3eB7hnvajnroG6dpv4ve85pkroCCz
grep TMVnsD3eB7hnvajnroG6dpv4ve85pkroCCz *.mg
echo == TMMpEcsd9ukNB8HTxfqHJ6xhf5SFnkgRi5Y
grep TMMpEcsd9ukNB8HTxfqHJ6xhf5SFnkgRi5Y *.mg
echo == TMQafbADxLGymuQfuDStTf5AWej2uZBP3L3
grep TMQafbADxLGymuQfuDStTf5AWej2uZBP3L3 *.mg
echo == TMFCRqFBwt3J6dxcFHn5EgswrUMNWr9nBFZ
grep TMFCRqFBwt3J6dxcFHn5EgswrUMNWr9nBFZ *.mg
echo == TMQ3ENkKsnvbFNdrXuHbr32sAT5bLtmkVSK
grep TMQ3ENkKsnvbFNdrXuHbr32sAT5bLtmkVSK *.mg
echo == TMV8GASwRcRiomZQxDtb7c7MVEtiVaibKfo
grep TMV8GASwRcRiomZQxDtb7c7MVEtiVaibKfo *.mg
echo == TMbShW7mSiehCqEg6gfAGZXGbBLt5TA2atT
grep TMbShW7mSiehCqEg6gfAGZXGbBLt5TA2atT *.mg
echo == TMSGYLL23o9XEp6iYQDAQqQ9Z34aNdoziFu
grep TMSGYLL23o9XEp6iYQDAQqQ9Z34aNdoziFu *.mg
echo == TMHvtfBNXSqkSZFL2EPhBmRhFCmxRdANWCV
grep TMHvtfBNXSqkSZFL2EPhBmRhFCmxRdANWCV *.mg
echo == TMcGK8KWhfaCkgZUqXFaa4wSTBr6oTf89PQ
grep TMcGK8KWhfaCkgZUqXFaa4wSTBr6oTf89PQ *.mg
echo == TMFYWunQezDrkhpMUee7saZdayoEVM4SsbP
grep TMFYWunQezDrkhpMUee7saZdayoEVM4SsbP *.mg
echo == TMTP6yNEuLJgxabKFMpXXG2jXMmGBhXo7LG
grep TMTP6yNEuLJgxabKFMpXXG2jXMmGBhXo7LG *.mg
echo == TMPjvuCoFHFzS3kmYh122ydnAewqTNxoepo
grep TMPjvuCoFHFzS3kmYh122ydnAewqTNxoepo *.mg
echo == TMNJnC6cBYY3SUbHmMc3TkT9HmvqkECAQ5L
grep TMNJnC6cBYY3SUbHmMc3TkT9HmvqkECAQ5L *.mg
echo == TMV3LTHyCBnhXvur7GPWJBv9EbT5YUC4S8K
grep TMV3LTHyCBnhXvur7GPWJBv9EbT5YUC4S8K *.mg
echo == TMWrAfqJfEy75X7CvDqf7gbKrGvnLu1DPfF
grep TMWrAfqJfEy75X7CvDqf7gbKrGvnLu1DPfF *.mg
echo == TMV3YoyvmjyjxRvvRFvzzy1SBNJiVLAPcj7
grep TMV3YoyvmjyjxRvvRFvzzy1SBNJiVLAPcj7 *.mg
echo == TMGQTLwKsfK567DHtN8vAVcv2UTVvaSG6AA
grep TMGQTLwKsfK567DHtN8vAVcv2UTVvaSG6AA *.mg
echo == TMG1Lffnbe8oEaK8JwwhWdA3ACApY7iFPXM
grep TMG1Lffnbe8oEaK8JwwhWdA3ACApY7iFPXM *.mg
echo == TMdNLNgiWx5ET9PY3yyeWNmE3q5JsiKw8wa
grep TMdNLNgiWx5ET9PY3yyeWNmE3q5JsiKw8wa *.mg
echo == TMGMoKMeC2QJu2UhVYot5qJzaXu3dYkTHUb
grep TMGMoKMeC2QJu2UhVYot5qJzaXu3dYkTHUb *.mg
echo == TMK1BBtWG61C2Yj3D4ZNMRpLW2h5ozTMbtN
grep TMK1BBtWG61C2Yj3D4ZNMRpLW2h5ozTMbtN *.mg
echo == TMYUBs9nXcHgBp8E5R6XwcLF3DvHv28V7ND
grep TMYUBs9nXcHgBp8E5R6XwcLF3DvHv28V7ND *.mg
echo == TMYTquaD9W9QCyJKFi7YAX66i65SXXiAEhE
grep TMYTquaD9W9QCyJKFi7YAX66i65SXXiAEhE *.mg
echo == TMQkXYuXnMa9D9PoznDohEiND1p4ujDhj7X
grep TMQkXYuXnMa9D9PoznDohEiND1p4ujDhj7X *.mg
echo == TMTYNCqRgcySPyfZGBzZgcqScw5RS6X2hhC
grep TMTYNCqRgcySPyfZGBzZgcqScw5RS6X2hhC *.mg
echo == TMMjpZ2LC1gqEKzrVpXLaGTkybfJj1JEVcL
grep TMMjpZ2LC1gqEKzrVpXLaGTkybfJj1JEVcL *.mg
